Good morning!
Kaho-san, you are really sunburnt!
That's because it's been a while
since I've been outside, like to the beach!
Rare to be outside...
You look like a girl from a tropical land!
Then Maika-san, too...
Like a girl from a tropical land...
Manager!
Good morning!
You've got a brave tan!
AND STRAWBERRIES
BUSY WITH BANANAS
I wanna play
video games.
I engaged in sunburn countermeasures,
but I still got red.
You did say you were the type
who turns red.
But I'm not sure if a suntan goes
with the uniform here.
I agree.
Then why don't we wear swimsuits today?
STARE...
That was a joke.
Why have you suddenly become a gal?
There aren't gals like this these days!
Kaho, didn't you put on sunscreen?
Nah, that's a pain!
You need to put that on.
Otherwise you'll get wrinkles
as you get older.
But I don't like that sticky stuff.
Jeez...
Miu, tell her.
Kaho-san, Kaho-san! Please let me see
the tan lines on your chest!
Just show me a little skin.
You didn't tan at all, Mafuyu-san.
Of course not.
I put on plenty of sunscreen—
That's it!
I've got a good idea!
I'm gonna keep you in anticipation
until tomorrow!
Later!
What the hell was that?
Manager...
He was obviously excited,
but what did he have in mind?
Good morn—
Whoa!
What is this?
From today, we're doing
a limited time jungle-themed café!
Y-You were standing there?
Wait, are you serious?
It sounds like fun, so why not?
This way my suntan fits right in!
True...
Can't you muster up
a bigger reaction than that?
Good morning, Akizuki-san!
Even with that,
your bravery is on display, Sakuranomiya.
This is more of a jungle than I imagined!
Welcome!
I'll show you to your table.
Huh? S-Sorry. This way.
S-Sorry! This way!
Please be patient for just a moment.
We should be getting to a table!
Huh?
What is she, an explorer?
To get lost in the café of all things...
I'm a failure as a staff member.
FWISH
A monkey!
Welcome, Onii-chans!
Today I'm your younger monkey sister!
Mafuyu-san!
NUMBERED
TICKETS!!
DISTRIBUTION OF
Another banana.
Give me a banana, too, please.
Here.
Don't just give it
to the customers like that!
Jeez!
Mafuyu-san is playing a monkey,
so she's giving away bananas for free, huh?
Yeah.
But why Amano?
She's not playing a monkey.
There you are.
What? Already?
All right, fine.
Then...
I'll peel it for you.
Here you go.
HEHEHEH
CHOKE CHOKE
That's the way.
What a good boy.
That indecent monkey!
Miu-san is so great at customer service!
Wha...
All right!
I can't lose to Miu-san,
I will do my best to improve myself!
Maika-chan?
Are you okay?
The food is safe!
I defended it with my life!
BOOM
T-Tragedy!
I have to deliver this food
before it gets cold!
Wait!
Sorry for the wait.
Deep-fried chicken
and fluffy egg rice omelet.
FRESHLY-KILLED
CHICKEN
F-Freshly-killed chicken?
For crying out loud!
There's too much foliage in here!
Where'd he get all this from? Jeez...
Jeez!
Dammit!
Stop it!
What's that look for?
S-Sorry!
What's the idea of touching a girl's chest
and then having an expression
like it's the end of the world?
Um...
Look...
You're tsundere, right?
So if I touch your chest by accident,
aren't you going to respond
by abusing me until I lose my original form?
SHIVER
I don't think that's the same thing
as tsundere! Wait, are you crying?
That took a long time.
What's wrong, Akizuki-san?
Are you all right?
Hey! What was that?
Akizuki-san has such low tolerance for girls
that I can use him as a character as is.
Don't do that! I only have eyes for Maika-san!
Stop!
For some reason, I'm pissed off.
Even though it just went back
to the usual café, it seems so empty.
What? What is it?
I forgot to order strawberries!
Really? We're totally out?
Not a single one left.
I'll get some from the supermarket!
Good morning!
Maika-san! Good morning!
Maika, go with him.
Left to his own devices,
the manager will waste money
on unnecessary things.
Oh, right!
M-Manager!
I wonder if Maika be okay?
Sorry you had to come with.
That's okay.
Well, let's go to the closest supermarket!
Sure!
Me and Maika-san, going shopping together...
It's like we're on a date!
It's a waste, just buying strawberries,
then heading back!
They're sold out, huh?
Strawberries
There's only one thing to do!
Try another market!
Why do you look so happy about it?
SOLD OUT
We'll be fine, as long as we're back
before the café opens!
So, let's go to another supermarket!
Okay! I hope the next one
has strawberries in stock!
My feeling of being on a date
will end with the next store.
STRAWBERRIES
SOLD                 OUT
They're sold out here, too!
Yeah.
Only one thing to do!
Another supermarket!
Again, why do you seem
so happy about that?
They're out!
SOLD
FRESHLY-PICKED STRAWBERRIES
Here, too!
OUT FOR TODAY
And here!
STRAWBERRY FESTIVAL
Why?
Okay, okay, calm down.
Um, excuse me!
Why aren't there any strawberries
around here?
I'm so sorry!
It's about time to open.
What do we do?
Have they called?
No, we haven't heard anything.
Where the hell did they go
to buy strawberries—
Oh, I got a text.
When are you coming back?
There are no strawberries to be had!
We'll go to the next town over!
This is fun, though,
because it's like a date, so it's all good!
Please don't worry!
When he gets back,
punishment is in order, huh?
Onii-chan!
Today Mafuyu recommend our rice omelet
and banana crepe!
Okay, rice omelet and banana.
Oh, but the strawberry and raspberry
almond jelly sounds good, too.
Which should I go with?
Onii-chan...
I recommend the banana crepe!
Banana crepe! Yeah, I have a taste
for the banana crepe!
Yay! Thank you!
As expected by Hoshikawa.
What should I get today?
This looks really good!
Yeah, but so does this!
But this strawberry parfait
looks pretty tempting, too!
Oh, good one!
Personally,
I would go with the orange tart.
Kaho-chan, you're making a recommendation?
Hey, I didn't say you could eavesdrop
on me! I was just talking to myself!
I would never make a recommendation.
Right?
I'll go with the orange tart!
She's good at this, too.
If...
you order a banana crepe,
Onee-san will...
feed it...
to...
you.
B-Banana crepe, please!
I'll let that go this time.
Please!
Let this place have strawberries!
There! They have strawberries!
U-Um...
W-Would you let me have the strawberries?
Wh-What should we do?
Yuu-chan! What happened?
Her mom's here!
What should we do?
It's okay, Maika-san.
I'll apologize.
It's okay. You're okay.
I beg your pardon.
We were in a hurry and startled her.
You can have the strawberries.
No, you can have them!
Really? I appreciate that. Thank you!
We'll take them then.
We're lucky she let us
have the strawberries, huh?
So, let's hurry back!
Maika-san, what's wrong?
I think maybe I'm not cut out
for customer service after all.
Because of my nasty glare,
I made a child cry.
I...
Maika-san...
Of course, it's not true.
I love those eyes!
That's why I first called out to you.
So charming...
Anyway, you're a lovely, wonderful person!
I'm sure our customers at the café
love those eyes, too!
So...
please don't talk like that.
Manager...
Besides, you've got black hair, too!
Long black hair!
In a sailor uniform!
A character
who speaks politely and is serious,
and that gap and her accidentally
sadistic personality...
It's so moe! I love it!
Okay, just keep quiet
until we get to the station.
POLICE
Are you okay?
Did he do anything to you?
The customers have finally stopped
mobbing us!
Good work.
The manager and Maika-chan are late, huh?
They just went to get strawberries,
so where did they go?
We haven't gotten word since earlier.
I just got a text from the manager.
What's he saying?
He's at the police station,
so he won't be back for a while.
Black hair is justice.
I don't regret anything.
Two berry berry strawberry
almond jellies are up!
The manager is actually working hard.
Goes to show how busy we are today.
What's that supposed to mean?
Here you are.
When it's crowded like this,
I should walk carefully
so I don't bother the customers.
Is there a free table?
Welcome!
There are two of you, right?
Let's put you in the corner so the other
customers won't be inconvenienced.
Maika-san is as lively as ever!
N-No! It just came out wrong!
Okay, that's a melon soda,
ginger ale and two rice omelets, right?
Oh, for the rice omelet, I'll go
with the ketchup picture option please.
Okay, sure!
Huh? What about your tsundere character?
Never mind that!
She's mad at us?
So you also want two strawberry
and raspberry almond jellies.
Oh, and more water please.
Water, it is!
It'd be easier
if the water was self-service here.
Mafuyu-chan?
Two glasses of water are so heavy
that I can't carry them!
We're finally done for the day.
Haven't we been a little too busy lately?
You may be right.
I'm grateful that business is booming, but...
But when it's busy like this,
it's really hard to serve the customers
while playing our roles.
Y-Yes!
I said something terrible to the customers
without even thinking!
No, you were actually spot on
with your character, Sakuranomiya.
I screwed up a lot, too.
Welcome!
Well...
Take your time.
That dirty gesture just slipped out!
No, that's your standard
operating procedure.
HANAZONO
FOLDER
The train is leaving the platform...
If it's going to stay this busy,
I have to try even harder!
If I don't focus, I have a feeling
I'll say terrible things.
The answer just hit me!
If I say terrible things
because I can't focus, being so busy,
then if I say terrible things normally,
when I can't focus because we're so busy,
I'll be naturally kind to the customers!
What the hell are you going on about?
Huh? I-In other words,
if I say awful things during normal times,
when I become absent-minded,
I'll become nice instead! For example...
Welcome. Choose a table
where you won't stand out.
Please write your order down...
because you kind of smell.
Thank you!
Goodbye!
SALT
I can't do it! I can't keep being awful
until we hit peak busyness!
Like I said,
that's the correct answer for you!
Maybe we should hire another staff member.
Yeah.
Scout another person out.
But my radar has been weak lately.
Huh? What does that mean?
It seems that I used up my power
discovering the raw ore...
that is Maika-san!
Ah, then the manager is useless.
But if we do hire a new girl,
what kind of character should she play?
I don't care about character.
I want a man.
I mean I wanna hire someone
to help me in the kitchen!
Don't you take it the wrong way either!
Gimme a break!
I'm a yuri fan. Don't forget that!
Oh! I thought maybe
you were interested in the other, too.
I'm shorthanded in the kitchen!
So that's what it's about.
Well, if you're not talking
about hiring for the kitchen,
then I don't care if you get
a male or female for wait staff.
I'm not hiring any more men!
What if he became my rival?
POU
T
I'm not letting anyone else have Maika-san!
What's with this guy?
Think more about work efficiency
than some love affair!
I'm swamped in the kitchen!
You talk like you run
the kitchen by yourself.
In actual fact,
I do everything there myself!
I'm in the kitchen, too!
You go in the kitchen to sleep!
Okay, okay, don't lose your temper, Akizuki-san.
You just don't know it yet.
Know what?
My...
untapped potential!
Says the person with potential
that will never be tapped.
If you don't want a male,
how about splitting the difference
with a girl disguised as a boy?
Miu-san looks so cool!
That look actually works for you.
It's popular these days.
Hey, why don't we all try it?
Oh, you mean...
Hey, welcome!
Then the manager and Akizuki-san can...
Don't get any weird ideas!
Go change!
I'm not putting that on!
You're not putting it on?
Why are you suddenly on board?
Here, I brought it for you.
Why do you have this in my size?
PART-TIME HELP WANTED!
Wouldn't you like to have a good time
working with us at Stile??
"Part-time help wanted"...
"Looking for someone who can serve
customers while in character."
I might be able to capitalize on my charm
at a place like this.
AN IDOL CHARACTER, TOO
Next time, "An Idol Character, Too"!
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(bouno bouno burendo shitai)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?